- In this lesson, we will create and configure a new
project that will use the Java EE 8 Security API.
So to get started, we're just going to open the new
dialog and then create a Dynamic Web Project.
So select that option and hit next.
And then, we're going to name the project
the hsports-catalog-security project.
And you'll just hit next after you've provided that name.
Then we're going to go ahead and
remove the existing source folder,
and we're going to add the source main Java folder,
as well as the source main resources source folder.
Okay, from there we're going to proceed to the
next pane in the dialog and we're going
to name this source main web app.
From there, we'll hit finish.
That's going to create our new project and,
then within the source main Java source folder,
we're going to create a new servlet.
So we'll go ahead select servlet and hit next.
We'll put the servlet within the com.linkedin package,
and we're just going to name it secure servlet.
We'll then proceed to the next option in the dialog,
and this is going to allow us
to configure the URL mapping.
I'm going to remove the existing one
and just make it something shorter.
We'll make it secure.
And that will be the path to our servlet,
and then I'm actually going to go ahead
on the next pane and just remove the post.
We're only going to provide an implementation
for the get method.
And then you'll see, we get our servlet created.
And let's take out some of the comments
that they're providing, just to clean things up.
Okay. So now we have our servlet, and what we're
going to do from here is configure
the project as a Maven project.
So just right-click on the project,
go to configure and then convert to Maven project.
And then just go ahead and hit finish.
That's going to bring up this dialog.
Just deselect all and then hit finish.
Okay. You'll notice we get a pom.xml file,
and we're going to use Maven to pull in
the new Java EE 8 Security API.
So to do that, we specify a group id
of javax.security.enterprise and then the artifact
id is javax.security.enterprise-api and we
want the version 1.0 of that API.
Okay. With that in place, let's go ahead, hit okay.
And now we can save our pom.xml file.
The next thing we're going to do
is add a JBoss web.xml file.
So this is a file that is specific to Wildfly and JBoss.
And to do that, we're just going to navigate
to the source main web app WEB-INF directory,
and then hit CTRL + N to open the new dialog,
and you'll just type file and then,
we're going to select the general file.
And then for the name of this file,
it's jboss-web.xml and then we'll go ahead and hit finish.
And this allows us to add in some
configurations that are specific to WildFly.
And what we need to do is change the
security domain that WildFly is using.
We need to use a particular security domain
that supports the new security API.
So we can add a security domain tag to the
jboss web.xml file and the name of
that security domain is jaspitest.
So you'll want to specify that.
Then, we need to provide the context-root that
we will be using this security domain for,
and you'll remember that we named
our project hsports-catalog-security.
Okay. So that puts our jboss-web.xml file in place
and it completes the setup of our project that
we'll be using to test the security API.